README update (#9)
simonmeusel/MuteSpotifyAds: README.md

3. Run it using **Right Click -> Open**. You need to do this because [I don't pay Apple $99 every year](https://developer.apple.com/programs/).
4. If you like the app, leave a [star](https://github.com/simonmeusel/MuteSpotifyAds/stargazers)!

> This application is tested on macOS High Sierra (`10.13.5`) and macOS Mojave (`10.14.1`) with Spotify `1.0.85.257.g0f8531bd` and `1.0.93.244.g1e3a05e7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is tested on macOS High Sierra (`10.13.5`) and macOS Mojave (`10.14.1`) with Spotify `1.0.93.244.g1e3a05e7`.
```

I only wan't the most recent version of Spotify to be shown, as it automatically updates anyway. Else we would need to list a lot of versions.

Reviewer 2: Yes, you are absolutely right.

## How is it so efficient?

> ⚠️ Because of a Spotify bug, pausing and playing an ad every 4 seconds is implemented. This requires polling, but only when ads actually play. This will be resolved when the Spotify bug gets fixed. See [#4](https://github.com/simonmeusel/MuteSpotifyAds/issues/4).

> > It works well if you use restart-spotify mode in v 1.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This Spotify bug has no effect when using the restart-spotify mode in v 1.5
```

Thanks to [Artem Gordinsky](https://github.com/ArtemGordinsky/) and the [other contributors](https://github.com/ArtemGordinsky/Spotifree#thanks) of [Spotifree](https://github.com/ArtemGordinsky/Spotifree)!
Thanks to [vadian](https://stackoverflow.com/users/5044042/vadian) for the [help](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51068410/osx-tick-menu-bar-checkbox/51068836#51068836)!

> Thanks to [BaldEagleX02](https://github.com/BaldEagleX02) for restart-spotify feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to [BaldEagleX02](https://github.com/BaldEagleX02) for restart-spotify feature!
```

Reviewer 2: Long live the exclamation mark!
